# Research Log
## By 10/02/2019

#### What I did

- Found Orben datasets. Two of the three are found and saved locally, while the request for registration for one of the three has been submitted and currently waiting for response. 
- Reread Orben's paper and SCA paper. Current understanding: 
    - Orben's paper may NOT be using SCA in the "wrong" way, as their method seems to be mentioned and considered in the SCA paper, though what it really meant in the SCA paper seems ambiguous. (Have some guesses on what the median method should meant in SCA paper but not sure)
        - The SCA method generates a number of different models using alternative specifications. The paper proposed how to assess the question that, 
        > Considering the full set of reasonable specifications jointly, how inconsistent are the results with the null hypothesis of no effect? 
        - First do a permutation test. Apply the permutation test to the data and randomly generate shuffled datasets, and under the shuffled datasets estimate all alternative models under alternative specifications. repeat the permutation a large number of times so we get a distribution of specifications models. Then three joint test statistics are proposed: 
            1. the median overall point estimate
            2. the share of estimates in specification curve that are of the dominant sign
            3. the share that are of the dominant sign and also statistically significant
            
        - Now Orben's paper used the median estimated coefficient out of the specification models fitted on the original datasets. And now is the problem of how to interpret the "median overall point estimate" mentioned in the SCA paper. It could be that the SCA paper meant a different median value (which I have a guess and will soon describe), and Orben understood it wrong. Or it could be that the SCA paper meant the same thing as Orben understood, in which I doubt its reliability and am planning on doing a simulation to check. 
        - My guess on what this median overall point estimate is that, for each permutation test, get a median estimate of whatever we are interested in from the specification models, the beta1 for example. Then as we have a large number of permutation tests, we get a distribution of the median estimates. Then we compare the median estimate of specification models under real data and get maybe a p-value from there. 
        - Orben simply conducted the median estimate of the specification models.
        - Another paper using the SCA used test statistics c. 
- Currently running Orben's code on MTF dataset (bootstrap test). Mostly understood her approach in this paper.

#### What to do next

- Test my own guess on how median method works, and other approaches suggested by the SCA paper, and compare results to Orben's result. (once the current bootstrap test for MTF finishes)
- Read the other paper that's mentioned which proposed similar test as SCA. 
- Understand Orben's approach in the other paper she recently published. 

#### Others

- Still waiting for access to MCS dataset
