## Research Log 10/18/2019

#### Things did and tried this week: 

- Successfully replicated MCS SCA analysis
    - Spent about 8 hours on data wrangling: 
        - Data files found all had characteristic values for variables. The values are all survey answers. Had to refer to the questionnaire for the numerical value (index) of the answers. 
        - Most variables were successfully found and transformed to numerical values. Two variables (`fdtots00`, `foede000`) happen to be all NAs, one of which is about family income and the other one is about siblings in house. Not sure why it happened. The two variables are both control variables, so removed for now to run the SCA analysis.
        - Two variable, `fcsunh00` and `fcstir00` were used to construct a control variable `edumet` along with several other variables which have same set of survey answers. While Orben changed order of values for variables `fcscbe00`, `fcsint00` etc., the order of values for the two mentioned variables were not changed. Need to be verified what each variable indicates and if this is purposefully done or if it was a careless mistake. 
    - The rest of the code (starting from 2-3 SCA for MCS) were ran successfully without much change. (had to changed file directory and file saving directory) The SCA result was found to be -0.0328, while Orben had -0.032 in the paper. The result is very close to Orben's. Consider that two control variables were taken out, the difference seems to be reasonable, not yet verified other results. 

- Reed thesis template installed on Rstudio server. (failed on local Rstudio software. Had problem installing one of the packages.)
    - First two chapter set up ready. Currently working on filling in the content. 
    
#### Goals: 

- Continue replicating MCS results. Subset datasets and run permutation test. Verify two alternative inference for SCA and compare results. Subset y/x variables and rerun SCA
- Work on importing YRBS dataset and start replication
- Redo data wrangling for MTF. Possibly doing it the same way as with MCS, refer back to the actual survey questionnaire for numerical index and manually replace them for variables used. 
- Fill in contents in the thesis template. 